Add documentation regarding Namespaces field (#2271)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/antrea-network-policy.md

  - [kubectl commands for Tier](#kubectl-commands-for-tier)
- [Antrea ClusterNetworkPolicy](#antrea-clusternetworkpolicy)
  - [The Antrea ClusterNetworkPolicy resource](#the-antrea-clusternetworkpolicy-resource)
    - [ACNP with stand alone selectors](#acnp-with-stand-alone-selectors)
    - [ACNP with ClusterGroup reference](#acnp-with-clustergroup-reference)

>     - [ACNP with Namespaces](#acnp-with-namespaces)

Reviewer: Yes that's what I had in mind, although maybe we could name that one after the use case "ACNP for default Namespace isolation". What do you think?

Author: done

          port: 5978
      name: DropToThirdParty
      enableLogging: true
---

> apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer: maybe we should have named sub-sections for these examples now, for easier readability and navigation

Author: are you referring to splitting these yaml specs in to sub sections or a bit more involved change with sub sections for fields and set the example yaml within that sub section i.e. a new sub section for "Namespaces" field and then place this yaml there? I am hoping for the former :)

      enableLogging: true
```

#### ACNP for default Namespace isolation

```yaml
apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterNetworkPolicy

> metadata:

Reviewer 2: This is a clarification question on ACNP CRD. As there is a namespace selector in the spec, what is the significance of namespace field in the metadata of the ACNP CRD? Just trying to compare with K8s NP, where the applied to is based out of namespace field in the metadata.

Author: actually there is no namespace field in ACNP metadata as it is cluster scoped; also we are not introducing Namespaces field to ANP which has the namespace field in metadata. did that help clear?

Reviewer 2: Checked the code.. missed the comment that makes the struct non-namespaced.
https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/blob/e8ca54441b116c944accd3297eb7428234562b37/pkg/legacyapis/security/v1alpha1/types.go#L48

### Behavior of *to* and *from* selectors

There are five kinds of selectors that can be specified in an ingress `from`

> section or egress `to` section:

Reviewer: I wonder why we didn't add ClusterGroup to this list?

Author: oversight? laziness? rebel?

**podSelector**: This selects particular Pods from all Namespaces as "sources",
if set in `ingress` section, or as "destinations", if set in `egress` section.

**namespaceSelector**: This selects particular Namespaces for which all Pods
are grouped as `ingress` "sources" or `egress` "destinations". Cannot be set
with `namespaces` field.

**podSelector** and **namespaceSelector**:  A single to/from entry that
specifies both namespaceSelector and podSelector selects particular Pods within
particular Namespaces.

**namespaces**: A `namespaces` field allows users to perform advanced matching on
Namespace objects which cannot be done via label selectors. Currently, the
`namespaces` field has only one matching strategy, `self`. If set to `self`, it indicates
that the corresponding `podSelector` (or all Pods if `podSelector` is not set)
should be evaluated from within the Namespace of the applied to workload, for which

> the ingress/egress rule is currently affected. This enables policy writers to create

Reviewer: I find the following clearer, but it's a matter of opinion perhaps: 

> should only select Pods belonging to the same Namespace as the workload targeted (either through a policy-level AppliedTo or a rule-level Applied-To) by the current ingress or egress rule

In particular I am not sure about the use of "affected" here

Author: done

### Behavior of *to* and *from* selectors

There are six kinds of selectors that can be specified in an ingress `from`
section or egress `to` section:

**podSelector**: This selects particular Pods from all Namespaces as "sources",
if set in `ingress` section, or as "destinations", if set in `egress` section.

**namespaceSelector**: This selects particular Namespaces for which all Pods
are grouped as `ingress` "sources" or `egress` "destinations". Cannot be set
with `namespaces` field.

**podSelector** and **namespaceSelector**:  A single to/from entry that
specifies both namespaceSelector and podSelector selects particular Pods within
particular Namespaces.

**namespaces**: A `namespaces` field allows users to perform advanced matching on
Namespace objects which cannot be done via label selectors. Currently, the
`namespaces` field has only one matching strategy, `self`. If set to `self`, it indicates
that the corresponding `podSelector` (or all Pods if `podSelector` is not set)
should only select Pods belonging to the same Namespace as the workload targeted

> (either through a policy-level AppliedTo or a rule-level Applied-To) by the current

Reviewer 3: I feel like there is a lot to unpack from this sentence even though it is as clear as I can think of... maybe a diagram will help in the future.

Author: i think since we plan to add more strategies, it may make sense to devote a sub section for Namespaces; where in we can do further explanation and diagrams for all new types

> ingress or egress rule. This enables policy writers to create

Reviewer 4: nit: the paragraph seems not wrapped neatly

Author: done

> per-Namespace rules within a single policy. See the [third example](#acnp-with-namespaces) YAML above.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
per-Namespace rules within a single policy. See the [third example](#acnp-for-default-namespace-isolation) YAML above.
```

Author: done

This field is optional and cannot be set along with a `namespaceSelector` within the
same peer.

**group**: A `group` refers to a ClusterGroup to which this ingress/egress peer, or

> an appliedTo must resolve to. More information on ClusterGroups can be found [here](#clustergroup).

Reviewer 4: should appliedto be enclosed in backticks like others?

Author: done

represent IP CIDRs or select other ClusterGroups. A parent ClusterGroup can select different
types of ClusterGroups (Pod/Service/CIDRs), but as mentioned above, it cannot select a
ClusterGroup that has childGroups itself.

> - A ClusterGroup cannot be set with `namespaces` field.

Reviewer: in which context? In the context of an ACNP peer? If yes, this seems like a strange place to mention it

Author: removed
